Better installation guides (#251)
gogs/docs: en-US/installation/install_from_binary.md

1. Extract the archive.
2. `cd` into the directory that was just created.
3. Execute `./gogs web`.

> 4. Gogs will start up a HTTP service at port `3000` as default. Browse `/install` for initial configuration. (For example http://localhost:3000/install)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Gogs will start up a HTTP service at port `3000` as default. Browse `/install` for initial configuration (e.g. http://localhost:3000/install).
```
